Oops I go
I met an expert, oh master, master
I'm begging you, help me
I have been living every day for the past two days
Life is better than death, master
Hey, get up.
Call me seventh uncle
What do you have to say slowly, Seventh Uncle?
Hurry up and put that thing away
You can't rape me
Otherwise, I wouldn't be scared to death by him
Also killed by him
Zhou, can he?
But you have to tell me where he came from
Otherwise, I can't help you.
Well, he's just a shoe
Why did you ask him?
I can only take him away
Sister, please make a price.
100 ah no no no
1.002 billion okay?
If you don't say it, then I'll be leaving.
Don't don't don't remember
I say I say
Oops, I'm in the loan business.
This girl is called Yaoyao
You borrowed one from me before.
He's not up yet
So he brought it up.
To enter, eh, eh?
He volunteered
I didn't say that. I didn't say that.